README.md, before:

# Final Project - Business Analytics 

## Description
A fictional company, that sells bicycles in multiple countries, decided to optimize its marketing strategies and increase revenue through a data science analysis. 


This project aims to provide data-driven insights through the analysis of the dataset provided by the firm. This datset includes product-level information about sales, profits, market segments, and geographic distribution.

The main goals are to examine sales trends over time, compare sales across different regions, identify top-selling products and analyze the relationship between discounts and sales or profits using a scatter plot or linear regression model.

## Methodology
The approach for this analysis includes:
- Data Preprocessing: Cleaning and structuring the data for analysis
- Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA): Identifying key trends and patterns
- Data Visualization: Using charts and plots to summarize findings
- Statistical Analysis & Modeling: Applying regression and correlation analyses to uncover insights

## Structure
- `dataset`: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/atharvaarya25/financials/data
- `XXXXXX`: Jupyter file with the final information and analyses ----------------------------------------- modify
- `XXXXXX`: Jupyter file with the rough analyses ----------------------------------------- modify
- `README.md`: this file, whit the project information
- `requirements.txt`: packages needed to run the "XXXXXXX" --------------------------- modify

## Requirements
In order to run the code it's necessary to:
1. have Python 3.12.7 installed
2. install the packages

Install the packages through:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MatteoZanarini/FinalProject.git       ----------------------- modify
cd FinalProject
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
is it possible to male a command to run automatically the final file??? -------------------------- cheack it

## Authors
Matteo Zanarini - 15158357

Peter Zeleňák - 34867983

Commit message:

update readMe and map in the report

README.md, after:

# Final Project - Business Analytics 

## Description
A fictional company, that sells bicycles in multiple countries, decided to optimize its marketing strategies and increase revenue through a data science analysis. 


This project aims to provide data-driven insights through the analysis of the dataset provided by the firm. This datset includes product-level information about sales, profits, market segments, and geographic distribution.

The main goals are to examine sales trends over time, compare sales across different regions, identify top-selling products and analyze the relationship between discounts and sales or profits using a scatter plot or linear regression model.

Dataset source: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/atharvaarya25/financials/data

## Methodology
The approach for this analysis includes:
- Data Preprocessing: Cleaning and structuring the data for analysis
- Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA): Identifying key trends and patterns
- Data Visualization: Using charts and plots to summarize findings
- Statistical Analysis & Modeling: Applying regression and correlation analyses to uncover insights

## Structure

├── `README.md`                       this file, whit the project information
├── `data`
│   └── `XXXXXXXXXXXXXX`.csv          cleaned dataset, used for the presentation report
├── `requirements.txt`                packages to have loaded
└── `XXXXXX`
    ├── ZZZZZZZZz                     Jupyter file with the rough analyses
    ├── YYYYYYYY                      Jupyter file with the final information and analyses

## Requirements
In order to run the code it's necessary to:
1. have Python 3.12.7 installed
2. install the packages

Install the packages through:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MatteoZanarini/FinalProject.git
cd FinalProject
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Authors
Matteo Zanarini - 15158357

Peter Zeleňák - 34867983
